Here's the plan for the presentation wednesday: 
Greet everyone and thank them for coming
Introduce them to react > and what are the fundemental priciples that made react good.
React: Is a js library for frontend developement, it is component based to emphasize the reusability of the code.
It is wiledly used in the field, there are big tech companies who use this like facebook (the makers of react)
instagram / dropbox / netflix / discord / reddit / paypal...

It is very popular that Vercel, made a powerful fullstack framework with it named next.js
next.js can handle both server and client side rendering and further empowers reactjs to more hights.

anyway, next.js is out of the scope of this project, but i recommend it if you are interested in using
react in your future projects.

First of all what is the name of this course, could anybody remind me of it?
It is api consumption
- What are apis?
Even though the term may be new to some of you: api stand for application programming interface
it is the in between of the client and the server.
The client could be any user application: desktop / mobile / web / samsung smart fridge app...

and im going to dive deeper into the how the api works by asking a single question?

- What comes to your mind when you hear the word "consumption"?
Food / drinks / snacks?

Welp its true in a sense that we consume food.
so we take food as an example,
Imagine yourself seeing an ad for a marguerita pizza on your tv, or on your other devices, that ad is by glovo
and then you hear your stomach rumbling, aching for some grub, you then download the application
search for that same pizza thats advertized

1- and then POST an order to the pizzaria through that app (maybe removing some stuff like oliver...)
2- you wait for a while... and since im the one narrating let's maybe pretend that i have adhd (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder), I phone the pizza place and REQUEST them directly about the pizza status.
and they say that the pizza is still in the queue.
3- I then knowing that adhd is my problem, I decided to PATCH my previous order by changing the pizza to a delicious steak pizza
4- I wait a moment, couple of moments have passed and then the pizza finally came to me it was bo3d char 3likom pizza bel ananas, 3melt reclamation 3liha w mellikher: dissatisfied, 9errert bech ndeleti my order.
W khdhit my daily dose of gaming ramen noodles.

can someone describe what i intended to say and retrieve the key words. 
Behi thank you lelli charek.
Li kont bech ne9ollou li rahou comme li i7na client, iste3melna glovo comme medium bech ncontactiou l pizza place, postina order, chofna status mte3ou, beddelna commande, jetna commanda ghalta, supprimina l order.

Li 7kinhom tawa houma nefshom torou9 mte3 api communication:
1- Post request: postina request fih order mte3na
2- Get request: get status mte3 l product
3- Patch request: beddelna bih commande
4- Delete request: delete command

hethouma yekhdmou nefs echay kima fil normal: where technical details...
you can do something with it and bla bla bla

There are somethings that come with a response.
They are in the form of codes ranging from 100 to 500.
Each leap by 100 represent a type of message ranging from
1xx informational
2xx success
3xx redirection
4xx client error
5xx server error

I will show you some examples about the status codes.
Show cat images.

Ok so, our project today focuses on communication with apis to make a nice and simple frontend using reactjs, the styling is already done for you and you can retrieve it from our discord server.
Here is our QR code.
